Experience
HEAD OF MEDIA PRODUCTION, MCCANN, Prague, 10/2017 - NOW 				 		
Responsible for supervising all film and video production for Agency production company.  Ensured on-time and on-budget delivery for a broad range of clients and formats. Created production pitches for a TVC Production to select the right team  for the client. Used complex financial knowledge and strong negotiation skills to advantageous contracts with suitable contractors. Hired A- class actors and celebrities for TV commercial and branded content production.  Negotiated personally all deals and contracts.

Tripled TVC production
Produced original web and TV contact
Negotiated contracts
Ran all video production within the company


PRODUCTION, FREELANCE, MCCANN, Prague, 10/2013 - NOW	WWW.PROCOMA.CZ  	
Production on projects basis for local clients as well as for local branch of MCCANN - being fully responsible for producing and executing the digital content for clients such as VODAFONE and NOKIAN,. Cooperating mostly with local production and post-production facilities. The most important are TVC for client Aukro.cz and Parfums.cz . managed cross platforms projects for  different media formats.
Created production budgets. 
Produced TV and Web projects from concept to completion.
Oversaw the brand redesign 
September 2015 - NOW cooperating exclusively with MCCANN Prague

PRODUCTION MANAGER, Flamesite , Prague, 10/2011 - 09/2013	www.flamesite.cz
Managed local and international productions for full-service studio specialising in postproduction for film and advertising, including 2D and 3D VFX. 
Created production budgets
Produced TV and Web projects from concept to completion
Created and edited contracts and documents for billing, managing extrenists
Responsible for meeting production and postproduction deadlines
Planned and managed the entire post process for a Czech feature film
Worked with teams of eight to twenty people
Communicated and negotiated with clients and suppliers
PRODUCTION INTERN, blue visual, philadelphia, usa  06 - 08/2011	www.bluedesign.tv
Production Intern for Philadelphia-based production company.  Supervised post production workflow, archiving jobs and media, and task management for TVC postproduction.
Assisted the Executive Producer with day to day operations
Assisted with daily operations of Blue Design’s post production studio
Organized and managed video, stock, and job archivesPRODUCTION MANAGER, Blokworks, Praha,  02/2009 - 05/2011	WWW.BLOKWORKS.COM
Produced corporate, interactive, and web projects for boutique interactive and new media agency as a freelancer on a project basis. Projects included marketing videos for České Radiokomunikace and corporate films for Vodafone and Škoda.
Created and managed budgets, including negotiating and paying contractors
Organized casting, catering, security and transportation of people and technology
Supervised production and post-production schedules
Project manager, CIANT, Prague 3, 2010 – 01/2011	www.ciant.cz
Managed projects for International Centre for Art and New Technologies.  Projects were funded by EU and local grants.  Managed team of 5 people including artist and programmers
Supervised teams of five people including artists and programmers
Co-produced local events
Fundraised and managed grant application process
Managed website content
Education
MaiaWorkshops - Intensive Training for emerging European producers - Training has consisted of three one week workshops. Each of them had a different focus and took place across the EU states in order to support networking. 
1) Creative Aspects - Snagov, Romania, April 2016 (creative process in evaluating projects, script analysis) 
2) Legal and Financial Issues, Lodz, Poland, June 2016 (Co-production, financing funds and plans, negotiating) 
3) Marketing and Distribution, Sardegna, Italy, September 2016 (Business models, audience strategies, social media)
Screen4All - Produce for New Screens, Augmented TV & NEW TECHNOLOGIES  - October 2014
Czech University of Life Sciences Technical Faculty -
		 Trade and Business Dealing with Machinery - Master degree - Ing. 2012
		Final exam: Accounting and Finance, Management and marketing, 
College:  Accounting and Finance - 2006 - 2008 - distance learning – not finished
High School: Communication Technology, Video and Sound Technology, Prague, 2005 
Skills
English Language - Fluent communication
Italian language - Basic communication, Intermediate understanding
Czech language - native speaker
Advanced Microsoft Excel
Basic Adobe Photoshop, HTML, Wordpress
Accounting systems including WinCont, Pohoda
PC a MAC OS interfaces
Courses
English language exam - B2
Drivers License 'B' - active driver in Prague since 2006
Certified projectionist
MS EXCEL for managers and economists

Interests
Yoga, psychology, film, drawing, photography, new technologies, travel, my dog Hobo …